Expand `Audio Editing` (#8893)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Guides/Audio_Editing/en.md

*By no means is this the software that you can only use, rather this only lists from those who had added them here. If you know of other tools that could be used and can explain how to use them for the described sections below, please add them.*

## Audacity

[Audacity](https://www.audacityteam.org/download) is a free, open-source audio editing and recording software. It uses the [LAME](https://lame.sourceforge.io) encoding library to be able to export audio in the MP3 audio format and is built into Audacity on Windows and macOS.

> Linux users should refer to the following article on the [Audacity Reference Manual](https://manual.audacityteam.org/man/installing_and_updating_audacity_on_linux.html#linlame) for more information, as certain Linux distributions may still not provide LAME when installing Audacity but most do provide it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Linux users should refer to the [Audacity Reference Manual](https://manual.audacityteam.org/man/installing_and_updating_audacity_on_linux.html#linlame) for more information, as certain Linux distributions may not provide LAME when installing Audacity, but most do provide it.
```

Author: Forgot to do that.

### Lowering Bit Rate

*For information on compression in general, see: [Compressing files](/wiki/Guides/Compressing_files)*

> Install and open Audacity then follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install and open Audacity, then follow these steps:
```

1. Open the `.mp3` file that you want to lower the bit rate on.

> 2. Press `Ctrl` + `Shift` + `E`, then change `Save as type:` to `MP3 Files` or:
>    1. Click `File`, then `Export` and `Export as MP3`.
> 3. In the `Format Options`, change the following settings: 
>    1. `Preset` as the bit rate mode
>    2. `Medium, 145-185 kbps` as the quality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Press `Ctrl` + `Shift` + `E`, then in `Save as type:` select `MP3 Files`, or:
   1. Click `File`, then `Export`, then `Export as MP3`.
3. In the `Format Options`, change the following settings: 
   1. `Bit Rate Mode`: `Preset`
   2. `Quality`: `Medium, 145-185 kbps`
```

> ## Audacity (and LAME)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Audacity
```

[Audacity](https://www.audacityteam.org/download) is a free, open-source audio editing and recording software. It uses the [LAME](https://lame.sourceforge.io) encoding library to be able to export audio in the MP3 audio format.

> Since 2017, after the last few patents on the MP3 audio format had expired, the LAME encoding library started to be included in later versions of Audacity on Windows and macOS, thus manual installation is no longer necessary.

Reviewer: this bit of history is a bit off topic for the wiki

Author: I think you're right, maybe just make it shorter to at least say that LAME is built into Audacity on Windows and macOS, so the next paragraph for Linux users would make sense.

Author: Or maybe just delete it outright, I'm not sure which is best so maybe up to you?

Linux users should refer to the following article on the [Audacity Reference Manual](https://manual.audacityteam.org/man/installing_and_updating_audacity_on_linux.html#linlame) for more information, as certain Linux distributions may still not provide LAME when installing Audacity but most do provide it.

### Lowering Bit Rate

*For information on compression in general, see: [Compressing files](/wiki/Guides/Compressing_files)*

Install and open Audacity then follow these steps:

1. Open the `.mp3` file that you want to lower the bit rate on.

> 2. Press `Ctrl` + `Shift` + `E`, then change "Save as type:" to `MP3 Files` or:

Reviewer: code block for all ui text

   1. Click `File`, then `Export` and `Export as MP3`.

> 3. In the "Format Options", change the following settings: 

Reviewer: "In `Format Options`, change ..."

etc

   2. Click `Paste`
6. Play through the entire music and make sure that the loop sounds good.
7. Repeat as needed.

> 8. Press `Ctrl` + `Shift` + `E`, then change `Save as type:` to `MP3 Files` or:
>    1. Click `File`, then `Export` and `Export as MP3`.
> 9. In the `Format Options`, change the following settings: 
>    1. `Preset` as the bit rate mode
>    2. `Medium, 145-185 kbps` as the quality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Press `Ctrl` + `Shift` + `E`, then in `Save as type:` select `MP3 Files`, or:
   1. Click `File`, then `Export`, then `Export as MP3`.
9. In the `Format Options`, change the following settings: 
   1. `Bit Rate Mode`: `Preset`
   2. `Quality`: `Medium, 145-185 kbps`
```

   2. Click `Paste`
6. Play through the entire music and make sure that the loop sounds good.
7. Repeat as needed.
8. Press `Ctrl` + `Shift` + `E`, then change "Save as type:" to `MP3 Files` or:
   1. Click `File`, then `Export` and `Export as MP3`.
9. In the "Format Options", change the following settings: 
   1. `Preset` as the bit rate mode
   2. `Medium, 145-185 kbps` as the quality.
10. Navigate to the location you want to save the file as.
    - You could rename the file too.
11. Click `Save` and a dialog will appear to enter metadata.
12. Click `OK` once done entering metadata.

### Cropping

> Install and open Audacity then follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install and open Audacity, then follow these steps:
```

4. Click and drag the last 3 to 5 seconds towards the end.
5. Click `Effect`.
6. Click `Fade Out`.

> 7. Press `Ctrl` + `Shift` + `E`, then change `Save as type:` to `MP3 Files` or:
>    1. Click `File`, then `Export` and `Export as MP3`.
> 8. In the `Format Options`, change the following settings: 
>    1. `Preset` as the bit rate mode
>    2. `Medium, 145-185 kbps` as the quality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Press `Ctrl` + `Shift` + `E`, then in `Save as type:` select `MP3 Files`, or:
   1. Click `File`, then `Export`, then `Export as MP3`.
8. In the `Format Options`, change the following settings: 
   1. `Bit Rate Mode`: `Preset`
   2. `Quality`: `Medium, 145-185 kbps`
```

9. Navigate to the location you want to save the file as.
   - You could rename the file too.
10. Click `Save` and a dialog will appear to enter metadata.
11. Click `OK` once done entering metadata.

## mp3DirectCut

> [mp3DirectCut](https://mpesch3.de) is a free-to-use audio editing software that can directly edit MP3 files without re-encoding which could result in less quality loss. It is recommended when needing to raise/lower the volume or crop the audio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[mp3DirectCut](https://mpesch3.de) is a free-to-use audio editing software that can directly edit MP3 files without re-encoding, often preventing loss of quality. It is recommended when needing to raise/lower the volume or crop the audio.
```
